NP Atobarai App docs (#1636)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/app-store/apps/np-atobarai/overview.mdx

- The App creates only one transaction in NP Atobarai and expects only one to exist for a single transaction in Saleor. If NP Atobarai returns multiple transactions, the app will report `CHARGE_FAILURE`
- The App uses `transaction.token` as a identifier set in NP Atobarai, due to ID characters limit.
- Tracking number set on fulfillment must have at most 20 characters.
- Split payments are not supported. App work *only* if a single Atobarai transaction is created to the checkout/order.

## Flow

### Pre-requisites

- You need to have a valid Japanese channel configured.
- You need to have a Storefront that integrates with Transactions API (see docs).

### Early validation

Call `paymentGatewayInitialize` mutation to validate that the required data is present in a checkout.
This mutation will return an error if any of the required data is missing, such as shipping and billing addresses, phone number, currency, or email.

TODO: Error shape

### Initialize payment

> Use `transactionInitialize` mutation to start the payment process. The app will perform a validation, and if data seems valid, it will call NP Atobarai to create the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `transactionInitialize` mutation to start the payment process. The app will perform a validation, and if data seems valid, it will call NP Atobarai to register the transaction (and run credit check).
```

> If NP Atobarai returns an error, the app will return `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED` error. At this point storefront can fix problematic data and retry the payment using `transactionProcess` mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If NP Atobarai returns an pending credit check, the app will return `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED` error. At this point storefront can fix problematic data and retry the payment using `transactionProcess` mutation.
```

Error that may be raised by NP Atobarai:

```
- RE009:lack of address information
- RE014:address_confirmation of work
- RE015:Address_Insufficient delivery destination information
- RE020:Address_Confirmation of work at delivery destination
- RE021:TEL_Phone number error
- RE023:TEL_phone number error of delivery destination
- RE026:Other_Reason of merchant
```

If transaction is created successfully, the app will return `CHARGE_SUCESS` to Saleor.

### Process the payment

Use `transactionProcess` mutation to process the payment if `transactionInitialize` fails and responds with `CHARGE_ACTION_REQUIRED`.
The app will call NP Atobarai to process the payment and return the result. If the payment is successful, the app will return `CHARGE_SUCCESS` to Saleor.

You can run this mutation multiple times, until the payment is successful

### Complete the checkout

Once the payment is process and set to `CHARGE_SUCCESS` you shoud complete the checkout using `checkoutComplete` mutation. This will create the order in Saleor.

### Fulfill the order

> To proceed with the delivery, you need to create a first fulfillment using `fulfillmentCreate` mutation. You need to pass the `trackingNumber` to the mutation, or run a separate `fulfillmentUpdateTrackingNumber` mutation to set the tracking number later.

Reviewer: We can add info that app will report fulfillment to Atobarai in this step
